Yeah, Yeah for sure. You like it. Yeah, you like it.
What do you consider glamping? Like what's glamping to you?
Ah haan
Ah haan. Oh oh yeah.
Okay, yeah yeah yeah, that definitely qualifies as glamping.
And what did you do? Oh, you like actually stayed in the tent?
So no RV whatsoever? Ok ok
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
okay what was there any like body of water though like
ok
It's usually like when I go like camping camping like the river or the lake
Is this your shower?
Oh, okay. Yeah, there's... Oh.
Well, it's like a leap of faith. He he he
Yeah, that'd be fun. That'd be fun
I say for the first time around, somewhere...
With at least like the basic stuff?
right and something accessible so it's easy to get to.
Like, I wouldn't want to go any further out than more than two hours.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, so it's a little easy for everybody to get to it.
I like...I like all of them, honestly. They each have their pros and cons.
I mean if it's like away from the city lights, I think that's the best
yeah yeah because then you can actually see like the milky way
Honestly, as long as it's camping, it's fun either way. Yeah.
yeah yeah
That sounds fun, yeah. Okay, going back to the cruise thing though...
Have you seen the cruises that are available in Japan?
They look amazing
Easy going?
Oh Yeah
Right.
Honestly, like, with me, if we google it like a cruising in Japan together...
I say we go incognito in the beginning.
maybe invite like maki and fuki may be you know
And then just do that real quick and then say, oh, we made it to Japan, you know?
Hee.....
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You know! I think that'll, yeah.
Okay, I'm mean just like
Okay, I wasn't being realistic budget-wise when I was looking at it, so I was looking at the really nice ones
where they only have 30, 40 people. Yes, and those are like...
Really nice and stupid expensive, you know, so
I didn't looked at like more modest ones. Yeah.
But I have a feeling since this is Japan, right? Even the modest ones are going to be really nice.
Yeah. Yeah
So I don't know. That's what I was looking at.
Like it just stays on the river me
Oh Okay, now you're going slower, yeah. See, when you said river cruises...
I was thinking like, the Mississippi. I was like, I don't want to hang out in the South.
Ha...